docs: synchronization and paralellism docs improvements (#13393)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/synchronization.md

> ## Introduction
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The "Introduction" heading is redundant as well; I've removed it in some places already (#13110 and I think some others too)

  template: "2"  # Two instances of template can run at a given time in particular namespace
```

Each synchronization block may only refer to either a semaphore or a mutex.
If you specify both only the semaphore will be locked.

## Workflow-level Synchronization

You can limit parallel execution of a workflow by using Workflow-level synchronization.

> If multiple workflows have the same synchronization reference they will be limited by that synchronization reference.

Author: These were deliberately separated to allow the user to understand better. Your rewrite loses the first sentence's content as a separately understandable item.

      args: ["hello world"]
```

> Using a mutex achieves the same thing as a count `"1"` semaphore:

Reviewer 2: Can we add an example where the `mutex` name is dynamic?

For example, a workflow or multiple workflows that interact with the same external resource such as a database would want to prevent copy/backup/restore workflows from occurring at the same time.

```
mutex:
   name: "database-lock-{{inputs.parameters.dbName}}"
```

- database-backup workflow A  - locks database A
- database-copy workflow B - waits for database-backup workflow A to release the mutex

Author: We could. It's outside the scope of what I was trying to achieve in this PR, and would prefer someone did that in a separate PR.

1. [Step level semaphore](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/blob/main/examples/synchronization-tmpl-level.yaml)
1. [Step level mutex](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/blob/main/examples/synchronization-mutex-tmpl-level.yaml)

## Queuing

When a Workflow cannot take a lock it will be placed into a ordered queue.

> Workflows can have a `priority` set in their specification.

Author: I don't like this as is because it doesn't lead a user as to how to do this. I'll work out some new wording.

> Workflows can have a `priority` set in their specification.

Author: Linked to priority in parallelism.md, which now describes this, mostly using your wording.

The queue is first ordered by priority, with a higher priority number being placed before a lower priority number.
The queue is then ordered by `CreationTimestamp` of the Workflow; older Workflows will be ordered before newer workflows.

Workflows are only be allowed to take a lock if they are at the front of the queue for that lock.

## Workflow level parallelism

> You can restrict parallelism within a workflow using `parallelism` within a workflow or template.
> This only restricts total concurrent executions of steps or tasks within the same workflow.

Reviewer: Yea I was thinking about that too, but I'm not sure that's something a user would assume changes in a Workflow vs WorkflowTemplate -- generally, it shouldn't, as that's how templates work in Argo.
Beginners may think that initially, but once you write enough workflows, you realize that's an overcomplication and there's no special case logic like that and nowhere do the docs suggest that either. Saying this in a separate sentence may also make you think there are other cases that are different (there aren't).

My alternative suggestion in that case was:
```suggestion
You can use `parallelism` within a workflow or template to restrict the total concurrent executions of steps or tasks within the same workflow.
```
But that reads a bit repetitively.

There's also no mention of WorkflowTemplate in any of the variations, so if you substitute the word "workflow" with "workflowtemplate", you may very well _still_ think it applies to all child workflows.
So I actually don't like this one or the original. The first suggestion I made makes no implication whatsoever as such.

If anything, it might be better to use the first suggestion plus a `!!! Note`, but that kind of note seems better in the WorkflowTemplate docs actually

> This only restricts total concurrent executions of steps or tasks within the same workflow.

Author: I'm still not preferring any of this, I think my version may be pendantic but it is unambiguous.
* I cannot find a way to misinterpret it as "there being other cases".
* It would be clear to a beginner.
* I want the documentation for a field to be all in one place, not needing to discover this field has more documentation in the WFT page.

1. [Step level semaphore](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/blob/main/examples/synchronization-tmpl-level.yaml)
1. [Step level mutex](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/blob/main/examples/synchronization-mutex-tmpl-level.yaml)

### Queuing

When a Workflow cannot take a lock it will be placed into a ordered queue.

Workflows can have a `priority` set in their specification.
The queue is first ordered by priority, with a higher priority number being placed before a lower priority number.
The queue is then ordered by `CreationTimestamp` of the Workflow; older Workflows will be ordered before newer workflows.

Workflows are only be allowed to take a lock if they are at the front of the queue for that lock.

> ## Parallelism

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Other Parallelism support
```

I'd actually keep the heading as-is in case it was linked to previously -- that way we don't break old links. It's not a substantially different heading, so I'd prefer non-breakage over simplification in this case

Author: Ok, good call

> See also [how you can restrict parallelism](./parallelism.md) in other ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also [restrict parallelism in other ways](parallelism.md).
```

- simplify
- remove `./` as it's normally not used in the docs (the few places it is are outliers)

1. [Step level semaphore](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/blob/main/examples/synchronization-tmpl-level.yaml)
1. [Step level mutex](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/blob/main/examples/synchronization-mutex-tmpl-level.yaml)

## Queuing

> When a Workflow cannot acquire a lock it will be placed into a ordered queue.
> 
> You can set a [`priority`](parallelism.md#priority) on Workflows.
> The queue is first ordered by priority: a higher priority number is placed before a lower priority number.
> The queue is then ordered by `creationTimestamp`: older Workflows are placed before newer workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a workflow cannot acquire a lock it will be placed into a ordered queue.

You can set a [`priority`](parallelism.md#priority) on workflows.
The queue is first ordered by priority: a higher priority number is placed before a lower priority number.
The queue is then ordered by `creationTimestamp`: older workflows are placed before newer workflows.
```

lower-case "workflows" for consistency
